welcome to another screencast from DIY
PC repairs and this time I'm going to
take a look at how we can change the
simple four-digit pin to a more secure
passcode on the iPad so you see yeah
we've got the standard pin login I've
got this one set to one more month don't
use that very insecure and that's what
we want to do is we want to change that
to a passphrase and numbers and
numerical alphabetical passphrase and
it's very simple to do so all we do is
go into settings and then we got to
passcode which is actually already too
long as we've just seen that so they hit
that it's glossaries passcode again
not the most secure and you'll see that
simple pass codes is on if we turn that
to off again it's been asked for our
card and now it's going to give us the
option to put in a passphrase of our
choice and of whatever length would like
to use I'm going to make this simple
just abc123 and they'll go next in
Alaska so again again met this is
complicated as you as you can done and
there we go we've now got our master key
or passphrase and if we now lock the
iPad and then reawaken it you'll see a
different login screen when we slide to
unlock you now get the full QWERTY
keyboard up so that we can so that we
can difficult something over the top of
the camera and hit return and there we
go off there as I'm off it's a cue a
passcode okay so if we want to change
that back again I'm going to pass card
I'm just going to ask current pass card
you don't return simple on again it's
gonna ask again for the card
and next is now the maskers for our pin
and then we enter and that's it we're
done if we're now lock the iPad and
often go back to the more traditional
far pin unlock so that's how we make the
iPad a little bit more secure by using
both the numerical and an alphabetical
characters in our passcode and I'd like
to think if you're viewing